			dcfdiff
			-------

dcfdiff is a diff utility for DiscFields.  Given two DiscField files,
with fields of the same size and domain, it can calculate the
difference between the two and report the minimum, maximum, and
root-mean-square difference of the elements in the fields.  You can
specify a maximum RMSD value to signal when a special return code
should be reported, or just have dcfdiff calculate the differences and 
report them.

Currently, you cannot choose to diff just subsets of a fields,
although this capability could be added in the future.  Also, the type 
of data in the two files must currently be the same (you cannot diff a 
field of floats with field of doubles, for example, at present).

The command-line options used by dcfdiff are:

	dcfdiff -file1 <file> -file2 <file> [options]

where [options] may be any of the following:
   -h or -?           : print this help info and quit.
   -conf1 <file>      : configuration file for file1 (if needed)
   -conf2 <file>      : configuration file for file2 (if needed)
   -field <n>         : which field to use from file (0 to numfields-1)
   -record <n>        : which rec. to use from file (0 to numrecs-1)
   -maxloc            : print out the location of max diff
   -maxrmsd <val>     : maximum rmsd value. If the rmsd for a record
                        is >= maxrmsd, return error code value of 3
   -dim <dim>         : dim of field (will be inferred if not given)
   -vec or -vector    : assume vector instead of scalar data
   -tens or -tensor   : assume tensor instead of scalar data
   -sym or -symtensor : assume symtensor instead of scalar data
   -anti or -antisymtensor: assume antisymtensor instead of scalar
   -i or -int         : assume integer instead of double data
   -f or -flt         : assume float instead of double data
   -d or -dbl         : assume double for the data (default)

By default, dcfdiff will assume the field data type is just 'double'.
If it is some other type, use the "-f" or "-i" options.  Also, if the
field is some other IPPL type like Vektor, Tenzor, etc., use the
"-vec", "-tens", etc. flags.  NOTE: The dimension of the Vektor or
Tenzor will be assumed to be the dimension of the total field.  There
is currently no way to specify anything else with dcfdiff.

You should not ever have to use the "-dim <dim>" option anymore,
dcfdiff will figure out the dimension properly.  You only have to
specify a "conf" file if it is needed.

For example, to print out the difference between two DiscFields "A" and
"B", each with their own conf files:

	dcfdiff -file1 A -conf1 A.conf -file2 B -conf2 B.conf

This produces results somewhat like the following:

	diff> F=0,R=0: mindiff = 0  maxdiff = 29  rmsd = 15.5563

Note that the results are printed for each Field and Record in the
files.  It will print a line like this for each record and field,
unless you request this done for just a subset with the -record or
-field flags.

Normally, dcfdiff just returns a "0" return code when done.  If you
would like to have dcfdiff check the rmsd values to see if any of them 
are greater than some threshold value, and report a non-zero error
code, use the -maxrmsd flag:

	dcfdiff -file1 A -conf1 A.conf -file2 B -conf2 B.conf -maxrmsd 4.2

If 4.2 is exceeded for the computed rmsd for any of the fields or
records, a return code of "3" will be reported.

If you would also like dcfdiff to print the location within the
domain of the Fields where the maximum difference occurred, also
specify the -maxloc flag:

	dcfdiff -file1 A -conf1 A.conf -file2 B -conf2 B.conf -maxloc

produced output like:

	diff> F=0,R=0: mindiff = 0  maxdiff = 29  rmsd = 15.5563
	      maxdiffloc = {[7:7:1],[7:7:1],[15:15:1]}

If this maximum difference occurs in more than one location, this will 
print the first position where the maximum occurs.

dcfdiff will return an error code upon completion that signals what
happened when it tried to read and diff the file contents.  The
possible error codes:

   0: OK, files compared within tolerance or no tolerance given
   1: Error in reading data files
   2: Error in command-line parameters or field configurations
   3: Files read properly, but do not compare within given rmsd
   4: Unsupported dimension

There is no option for graphical display from dcfdiff.

Since dcfdiff is a IPPL program, you can use the standard IPPL
command-line options to start this program running in parallel.
